Some people like to get a train to work, Or drive in a Beamer or a Merc. Some guys like to travel by bus, But I can't be bothered with the fuss today, I'm gonna take by bike, 'Cause once again the Tube's on strike.  The greedy bastards want extra pay for sitting on their ass all day, Even though they earn 30k, So I'm here in the pouring rain.  Where the fuck's my fucking train? London Underground, London Underground! They're all lazy fucking useless cunts! London Underground, London Underground! They're all greedy cunts; I want to shoot them all with a rifle!  All they say is 'please mind the doors!' And they learn that on their two day course, This job can be done by a four year old, They just leave us freezing in the cold.  What you smell is what you get. Burger King and piss and sweat, You roast to death in the boiling heat, With tourists treading on your feet, And chewing gum on every seat!  So don't tell me to mind the gap! I want my fucking money back! London Underground, London Underground! They're all fucking useless cunts! London Underground, London Undeground! They're all grredy cunts; I want to shoot them all with a rifle!  lalalala lalalala  The floors are sticky, the seats are damp, every platform has a fucking tramp! But the drivers get the day off when, We're all late for work again!  London Underground, London Underground! wa wa wankers, they're all wankers! London Underground!  Take your Oyster card, And shove it up your ass...hole!  'Tell me the duck story' A duck walked up to a lemonade stand And he said to the man runnin' the stand:  'Hey! Got any grapes?' The man said: 'No, we just sell lemonade But it's cold, and it's fresh, and it's all home-made! Can I get you a glass?' The duck said: 'I'll pass.' Then he waddled away - waddle waddle 'Til the very next day... ' bom bom bom bom bom babom ' When the duck walked up to the lemonade stand And he said to the man runnin' the stand: 'Hey! Got any grapes?' The man said: 'No, like I said yesterday We just sell lemonade, okey? Why not give it a try?' The duck said: 'Good bye.' Then he waddled away - waddle waddle Then he waddled away - waddle waddle Then he waddled away - waddle waddle 'Til the very next day... When the duck walked up to the lemonade stand And he said to the man runnin' the stand: 'Hey! Got any grapes?' The man said: 'Look, this is gettin' old. I mean, lemonade's all we've ever sold. Why not give it a go?' The duck said: 'How about... - no.' Then he waddled away - waddle waddle Then he waddled away - waddle waddle waddle Then he waddled away - waddle waddle 'Til the very next day... When the duck walked up to the lemonade stand And he said to the man runnin' the stand: 'Hey! Got any grapes?' The man said: 'That's it! If you don't stay away, duck I'll glue you to a tree and leave you there all day stuck! So don't get too close!' The duck said: 'Adios!' Then he waddled away - waddle waddle Then he waddled away - waddle waddle waddle Then he waddled away - waddle waddle 'Til the very next day... When the duck walked up to the lemonade stand And he said to the man runnin' the stand: 'Hey! Got any glue?' 'What?' 'Got any glue?' 'No, why would I - oh...' 'Then one more question for you: Got any grapes?' And the man just stopped The he started to smile He started to laugh He laughed for a while. He said: 'Come on, duck Let's walk to the store. I'll buy you some grapes So you don't have to ask anymore.' So they walked to the store And the man bought some grapes. He gave one to the duck And the duck said: 'Hmm, no thanks. But you know what sounds good? It would make my day Do you think this store... Do you think this store... Do you think this store Has any lemonade?' Then he waddled away - waddle waddle Then he waddled away - waddle waddle waddle Then he waddled away - waddle waddle. I feel like squirming with a needy, achy... discomfort. I don't understand this reaction.  Hmm... Desire. This is desire. This is what it feels like.  I lie back on the soft feather filled pillows. 'If you were mine.' Oh my - what would I do to be his. He's the only man who has ever set my blood racing around my body. Yet, he's so antagonizing too; he's difficult, complicated, and confusing. One minute he rebuffs me, the next he sends me fourteen-thousand-dollar books, then he tracks me like a stalker.  And for all that, I have spent the night in his hotel suite, and I feel safe. Protected. He cares enough to come and rescue me from some mistakenly perceived danger. He's not a dark knight at all, but a white knight in shining, dazzling armor - a classic romantic hero - Sir Gawain or Lancelot.  I scramble out of his bed frantically searching for my jeans. He emerges from the bathroom wet and glistening from the shower, still unshaven, with just a towel around his waist, and there am I - all bare legs and awkward gawkiness. He's surprised to see me out of bed.  'If you're looking for your jeans, I've sent them to the laundry.' His gaze is a dark obsidian. 'They were spattered with your vomit.'  'Oh.' I flush scarlet. Why oh why does he always catch me on the back foot?  'I sent Taylor out for another pair and some shoes. They're in the bag on the chair.'  Clean clothes. What an unexpected bonus.  'Um... I'll have a shower,' I mutter. 'Thanks.' What else can I sayI grab the bag and dart into the bathroom away from the unnerving proximity of naked Christian. Michel-angelo's David has nothing on him.  In the bathroom, it's all hot and steamy from where he's been showering. I strip off my clothes and quickly clamber into the shower anxious to be under the cleansing stream of water. It cascades over me, and I hold up my face into the welcoming torrent. I want Christian Grey. I want him badly. Simple fact. For the first time in my life, I want to go to bed with a man. I want to feel his hands and his mouth on me.  He said he likes his women sentient. He's probably not celibate then. But he's not made a pass at me, unlike Paul or Jose. I don't understand. Does he want meHe wouldn't kiss me last week. Am I repellent to himAnd yet, I'm here and he brought me here. I just don't know what his game isWhat he's thinkingYou've slept in his bed all night, and he's not touched you Ana. You do the math. My subconscious has reared her ugly, snide head. I ignore her.  The water is warm and soothing. Hmm... I could stay under this shower, in his bathroom, forever. I reach for the body-wash and it smells of him. It's a delicious smell. I rub it all over myself, fantasizing that it's him - him rubbing this heavenly scented soap into my body, across my br**sts, over my stomach, between my thighs with his long fingered hands. Oh my. My heartbeat picks up again, this feels so... so good.  'Breakfast is here.' He knocks on the door, startling me.  'Okay,' I stutter as I'm yanked cruelly out of my erotic daydream.  I climb out of the shower and grab two towels. I put my hair in one and wrap it Carmen Miranda style on my head. Hastily, I dry myself, ignoring the pleasurable feel of the towel rubbing against my over-sensitized skin.  I inspect the bag of jeans. Not only has Taylor brought me jeans and new Converse, but a pale blue shirt, socks, and underwear. Oh my. A clean bra and panties - actually to describe them in such a mundane, utilitarian way does not do them justice. They are an exquisite design of some fancy European lingerie. All pale blue lace and finery. Wow. I am in awe and slightly daunted by this underwear. . What's more, they fit perfectly. But of course they do. I flush to think of the Buzz-Cut man in some lingerie store buying this for me. I wonder what else is in his job description.  I dress quickly. The rest of the clothing is a perfect fit. I brusquely towel-dry my hair and try desperately to bring it under control. But, as usual, it refuses to cooperate, and my only option is to restrain it with a hair tie. I shall search in my purse, when I find it. I take a deep breath. Time to face Mr. Confusing.  I'm relieved to find the bedroom empty. I hunt quickly for my purse - but it's not in here. Taking another deep breath, I enter the living area of the suite. It's huge. There's an opulent, plush seating area, all overstuffed couches and soft cushions, an elaborate coffee table with a stack of large glossy books, a study area with a top-of-the-range Mac, an enormous plasma screen TV on the wall, and Christian is sitting at a dining table on the other side of the room reading a newspaper. It's the size of a tennis court or something, not that I play tennis, though I have watched Kate a few times. Kate!  'Crap, Kate,' I croak. Christian peers up at me.  'She knows you're here and still alive. I texted Elliot,' he says with just a trace of humor.  Oh no. I remember her fervent dancing of the night before. All her patented moves used with maximum effect to seduce Christian's brother no less! What's she going to think about me being hereI've never stayed out before. She's still with Elliot. She's only done this twice before, and both times I've had to endure the hideous pink PJs for a week from the fallout. She's going to think I've had a one-night stand too.  Christian stares at me imperiously. He's wearing a white linen shirt, collar and cuffs undone.  'Sit,' he commands, pointing to a place at the table. I make my way across the room and sit down opposite him as I've been directed. The table is laden with food.  'I didn't know what you liked, so I ordered a selection from the breakfast menu.' He gives me a crooked, apologetic smile.  'That's very profligate of you,' I murmur, bewildered by the choice, though I am hungry. 'Yes, it is.' He sounds guilty.